welcome 20 minutes or less I'm Joe
Bereta I'm Lee Newton smile know a lot
of bad stuff happens in the world and
that's the kind of stuff that the news
tends to focus on so we hear about it
all the time we are bombarded with the
bat and also a lot of really bad stuff
is posted on the internet like all the
time the worst of us tends to seep out
onto the web for some reason but
sometimes sometimes stories of heart and
kindness break through the dark fog of
negativity that make you kind of proud
to be you know a human this is one of
those stories Scott Wittek is a 47 year
old with Down syndrome and he's dying
with the assistance of Hospice is 85
year old mother watches over him and his
terminal case of liver disease Sean
O'Connor who is Wittek sniff you wanted
to brighten his uncle's days and to do
so he turned to the reddit community
opening mail is one of wigs most beloved
activities so Connor came up with a
simple idea to help supplement that love
he clicked on over to read it and posted
this message hey reddit my 47 year old
uncle Scott widak has Down syndrome and
is terminally ill with liver disease he
is currently bedridden and living out
his last days at home with my 85 year
old grandmother one of his favorite
things to do is to open mail it wouldn't
feel like sending him a letter or a car
turns out a lot of people wanted to send
him a card and a letter and others
wanted to send him art and DVDs and
music and an overflowing amount of love
and encouragement 1,300 messages were
posted in response to the reddit post in
about three hours since the initial
posting there's been a constant flow of
mail poppin on Witek store step from all
over the world and the reddit community
pays attention to detail once they found
out about Witek slub of rose art fuzzy
brand color sheets they send him
packages filled with original art Johnny
Cash's his favorite musician so he
opened mail filled with Johnny Cash CDs
and when it was revealed that he had an
affinity for Macho Man Randy Savage the
Macho Man themed gifts started piling up
this is the best kind of internet meme
its people coming together because they
want to be part of something special
something bigger than themselves and in
this case that something is making a
complete strangers final days hopefully
some of his best days Sean O'Connor
responded to the outpouring of human
kindness with this the mail that's
arrived as all been extremely positive
and thoughtful my family and I are
amazed at how so many strangers can come
together for a random act of kindness so
cool yeah so cool way to go human yeah
you are the best sometimes people so
what other random acts of kindness have
you guys heard of let us know in the
comments down below don't forget to
click the like and subscribe button
click the annotation down below or just
go to SourceFed calm for five daily
stories and everything else you've ever
done I'm Lee Newton I'm Joe Bereta know
really smile
you